Set in the year 2101. Many major advancements in science and technology have allowed for a truly futuristic society, all of the past ideas people had about the future have come true, flying cars, teleportation, and some major advancements in time travel. However the two major advancements have allowed for the reversal of the climate change that ravaged the past, tech has allowed for zero carbon emissions from all major companies. The other major advancement has been the true advancement of medicine, with a cure for all types of cancer and even cures for Sexually transmitted diseases once believed to be untreatable, however with these incredible advancements in medicine come some not so incredible after effects. A drug called Sanguine was discovered as an after effect of the development of the AIDS cure, Sanguine is known to give the user an all time high better than any hard drug on the market, its side effects however are extremely dangerous, aside from being highly addictive it is also known to cause a complete shift in personality. People have become very aggressive . One gang has been leading the distribution of this drug The Ivory Death Band. The only known distribution center is situated in the old warehouse district that has sat dormant since 2070.
 awakens in the harbor of the warehouse district on a small dinghy. Cold and wet you stand up and look around. The harbor is empty save for a few fishing boats and one medium size cargo ship. A long set of zig zagging stairs leads over a small hill. A man in a booth near the stairs beckons you to come over. (You can talk to the Man or head up the stairs) 
(1:1) The Man tells you about the Death Band and how you are currently in their territory. He points to the lone cargo ship telling you that is where the Death Band heads their distribution. The Man doesn't seem right while you are talking to him. (You can now "move back" and head up the stairs)
(1:2) When you head up the stairs a sprawling expanse of warehouse and storage units lie in front of you from this spot you can head to the “Store All” facility to the left or the decrepit looking warehouse to the right
(2:1) “Store All” within the facility you see 3 units that seem to have been left untouched by looters. Unit 33, Unit 38 and Unit 39. Within Unit 33 Has nothing but a stained mattress and a lamp Within Unit 38 you find a key with a faded number all you can make out is a 9 Unit 39 (move to 1) is locked (HINT: YOU NEED A KEY) within you find a Death Band Holoscanner (This allows access to the warehouse) You can now go back to the previous decision 
(2:1:1 Unit 39) You open up unit 39 with the faded key you found. The door squaks as you lift it up slowly. The unit is practically empty , a stained mattress acompanied by a small nightstand. Sitting on the mattress looking out of place is something that appears to be a watch of some kind but it doesnt seem right. You grab it and a screen on it lights up. A 3-d image of an odd looking symbol emanates from the top. You pocket the object because it seems important.
(2:2) Warehouse: You enter into a long hallway that is surprisingly clean, however a distinct smell lingers. There are two single doors and one large double door at the end of the hallway. You hear talking and laughing emanating from the double doors so you decide that isn't the best place to go this leaves you with the choice of ( the left or right door) 
(3:1) You enter through the left door and the smell is much stronger in this room. You look around and notice needles and vials littering the floor and furniture. You notice a desk in the corner also covered in vials, however the desk drawer appears to be open. Within the desk drawer an elegant watch sits in a box you examine it and find an inscription on the bottom that reads "TT Proto 2" you decide to take it and examine it later. You may now go back to the dock (move to 1).
(3:2) Inside of the right room the smell is faint but a new smell is much more pungent, the smell of explosives, this room is surprisingly clean and is filled with ornate vintage furniture. In the corner an out of place metal cabinet is open, inside a plethora of explosives are sitting covered in dust, you can take the explosives. You may now go back to the dock.
(4:1) You walk down the stairs, the desolate dock sprawled out in front of you, you see the dinghy you arrived in, you see the few fishing boats slowly bowing up and down with each wave. You then turn your attention to the cargo ship, after examining it you begin to notice the rust covering the sides, you notice many weak points that could cripple the ship if you had the explosives. You have a choice to go to the booth or go to the cargo ship
(5:1) You go to the booth and peer through the window and see the mess inside, the furniture has been trashed scratches line the walls and an empty vial sits on the window seal. You are left with the choice to go to the cargo ship (move to 5:2)
(5:2) When you go to the ship you have the option to plant explosives or leave on the dinghy 
(6:1) you leave on the dinghy you exit the world and are crushed as you emerge into the wormhole. 
(6:2)you detonate the ship crippling the Death band supply line solving the world issue.
To move forward enter "move to" space then answer to where you want to go using number values. Everything is in order, if you want to go to the first choice enter the value of 1 or the second place enter the value of 2 and so on. To move back simply enter "move back". to pick up enter "pickup" then what you want to pick up. These will be saved for later. To use an object simply enter "use" then the object. 
